add flock page for linux (#6390)
tldr-pages/tldr: pages/linux/flock.md

# flock

> Manage locks from shell scripts.

> > You can use it to ensure that only one progress of your command is running.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> It can be used to ensure that only one progress of a command is running.
```
We try to avoid personal pronouns. Also, did you mean to write `process` instead of `progress`?

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> More information: <https://manned.org/flock>.

```

> - Run a command with a file lock, wait if the lock is required by others:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Run a command with a file lock as soon as the lock is not required by others:
```

> `flock /tmp/lock.lock -c "execute some command"`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`flock {{/tmp/lock.lock}} --command "{{command}}"`
```
* We use the `{{...}}`-syntax for highlighting arguments. 
* We always use long options when possible.
* Does the file always have to be `/tmp/lock.lock`?

Author: The file path can be any path. command use the same file path share the same lock.

> - Run a command with a file lock, if the lock exists. Else exist:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Run a command with a file lock, and exit if the lock doesn't exists:
```
Just a suggestion.

> `flock /tmp/lock.lock -n -c "execute some command"`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`flock {{/tmp/lock.lock}} --nonblock --command "{{command}}"`
```

> - Run a command with a file lock, if the lock exists. Else exist with errorcode:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Run a command with a file lock, and exit with a specific error code if the lock doesn't exists:
```

> `flock /tmp/lock.lock -n -E <errorcode> -c "execute some command"`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`flock {{/tmp/lock.lock}} --nonblock --conflict-exit-code {{error_code}} -c "{{command}}"`
```

# flock

> Manage locks from shell scripts.
> It can be used to ensure that only one process of a command is running.
> More information: <https://manned.org/flock>.

- Run a command with a file lock as soon as the lock is not required by others:

> `flock {{/tmp/lock.lock}} --command "{{command}}"`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`flock {{path/to/lock.lock}} --command "{{command}}"`
```
We always keep path as generic as possible. This applies to all examples.

> - Run a command with a file lock, and exit if the lock doesn't exists:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Run a command with a file lock, and exit if the lock doesn't exist:
```

`flock {{path/to/lock.lock}} --nonblock --command "{{command}}"`

> - Run a command with a file lock, and exit with a specific error code if the lock doesn't exists:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Run a command with a file lock, and exit with a specific error code if the lock doesn't exist:
```
